README.md, before:

# HyperLydian

## Requirements

You will need at least Python 3.7, although preferably Python 3.9+. Has been tested with Python 3.8 and Python 3.11. If you need help installing a new version of Python, check out [pyenv](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv).

## Install

Will make this into a proper package at the end, but for now:

```bash
git clone git@github.com:gloliva/hyperlydian.git
cd hyperlydian
python3 -m venv .venv  # install reqs in a new venv
source .venv/bin/activate  # or activate.fish if using fish shell
python3 -m pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Run Game

```bash
python3 game/main.py
```

## How to Play

Shoot everything you see. View the controls down below.

You can view some basic stats (like number of enemies killed) in the terminal post-game; these will be added to a post-game menu eventually.

## Where things are at

Screen size is 1440x900 (MacBook 13" default scaled resolution). Will maybe handle additional resolutions later; resize at your own risk.

Music, obviously. OSC data will be sent to Max/MSP for Music generation. This is what the PyOSC stuff is for.

No GUI yet, but it will happen.

Eventually there will be controller support.

The menu is just a placeholder, will be fleshed out towards the end.

Extremely in-progress; everything subject to change.

## Controls

`Arrow Keys` - Move

`Space` or `W` - Shoot

`R` - Cycle Weapons

`Q` - Rotate CCW

`E` - Rotate CW

### *GOOD LUCK*

Commit message:

Update README with itch.io link

README.md, after:

# HyperLydian

## Install Instructions

### Download the Executable

If you have a MacBook, you can download the executable from itch.io:
[Download Game Here](https://gloliva.itch.io/hyperlydian)

The password to view the page is: `earlyaccess`

To run the game, find the downloaded executable in your files and double click on it, or find it in your terminal and run `./hyperlydian`.

### Install from Source

If you don't have a Mac (or just want to be more up-to-date with changes), you'll need to install and run this game with Python

#### Requirements

You will need at least Python 3.7, although preferably Python 3.9+. Has been tested with Python 3.8 and Python 3.11. If you need help installing a new version of Python, check out [pyenv](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv).

#### Install

Will make this into a proper package at the end, but for now:

```bash
git clone git@github.com:gloliva/hyperlydian.git
cd hyperlydian
python3 -m venv .venv  # install reqs in a new venv
source .venv/bin/activate  # or activate.fish if using fish shell
python3 -m pip install -r requirements.txt
```

#### Run Game

From the project directory:

```bash
python3 game/main.py
```

## How to Play

Shoot everything you see. View the controls down below.

You can view some basic stats (like number of enemies killed) in the terminal post-game; these will be added to a post-game menu eventually.

## Where things are at

Screen size is 1440x900 (MacBook 13" default scaled resolution). Will maybe handle additional resolutions later; resize at your own risk.

Music, obviously. OSC data will be sent to Max/MSP for Music generation. This is what the PyOSC stuff is for.

No GUI yet, but it will happen.

Eventually there will be controller support.

The menu is just a placeholder, will be fleshed out towards the end.

Extremely in-progress; everything subject to change.

## Controls

`Arrow Keys` - Move

`Space` or `W` - Shoot

`R` - Cycle Weapons

`Q` - Rotate CCW

`E` - Rotate CW

### *GOOD LUCK*
